
  Home
  Shop
  About
  Contact

  Discover innovative ways to decorate

  We provide unmatched quality, comfort, and style for property owners across the country. 
  Our experts combine form and function in bringing your vision to life. Create a room in your 
  own style with our collection and make your property a reflection of you and what you love.

  Shop now

  We are available all across the globe

  With stores all over the world, it's easy for you to find furniture for your home or place of business. 
  Locally, we’re in most major cities throughout the country. Find the branch nearest you using our 
  store locator. Any questions? Don't hesitate to contact us today.

  Shop now

  Manufactured with the best materials

  Our modern furniture store provide a high level of quality. Our company has invested in advanced technology 
  to ensure that every product is made as perfect and as consistent as possible. With three decades of 
  experience in this industry, we understand what customers want for their home and office.

  Shop now

  About our furniture

  Our multifunctional collection blends design and function to suit your individual taste.
  Make each room unique, or pick a cohesive theme that best express your interests and what
  inspires you. Find the furniture pieces you need, from traditional to contemporary styles
  or anything in between. Product specialists are available to help you create your dream space.
  



  Most basic design:

  header
  the background here is actually the hero image card 
  mobile:
    has hamburger menu left justify of the center logo
  d:
    hamburger is gone and changed to navbar
    it is now to the right justify item of the logo
    and both are justified content to the left.
  
  hero section:
  hero image card and text card:
  the page does not have a margin.
  this part is a carousel that changes both the image and the text.

  Make a left right button for both image and text then hide depending on the view width

  header
  image is above the text, with buttons to the lower right corner
  text has h2 and p then a (shop now)

  d: 
  now the image is to the left of the text and has no more buttons.
  the text now has the button at the bottom left of its div and the rest is at the center with the same formation

  About section:
  this will contain the h1

  mobile
  image1 on top
  text including h1 then p
  image2 on bottom
  d:

  image1 on left
  text contents will have the same arrangement
  image2 on right

  dialog:
  only for mobile and tablets
  justify space between has margins

Interactivity:
  nav links are hoverable with underlines

  next back button in hero section changes color 

  shop now link changes color whne hovered

  hamburger button opens dialog